carousel/README.md, before:

![ClearScore](https://github.com/ClearScore/tech-screen/blob/master/assets/clearscore.png)

# Carousel

## Purpose

The purpose of the task is to increase familiarity between the developer and the code.

We will be using the output of this task in the next step in the interview process.

## Time-frame

We expect this task to take *one evening* to complete.

You do not have to complete all the tasks, but please be aware of [the purpose)(#purpose) above and take note of [what we're looking for](../README.md#what-were-looking-for)

## Background

A developer is halfway through a `score indicator feature` card and has been called away.

It is now up to you to finish the feature ready to release.

## The Task

Build our circular score indicator, as shown on [clearscore.com/account/](https://www.clearscore.com/account/) and [https://youtu.be/tIjtcL5Z0Wk?t=5](https://youtu.be/tIjtcL5Z0Wk?t=5).
 * [Desktop example](/docs/score-indicator-desktop.jpg) 
 * [Mobile Example](/docs/score-indicator-mobile.jpg)

Send your solution as a link to a public git repository with clear instructions and your thoughts in the README.

The data can be requested from [https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clearscore.com/native/interview_test/creditReportInfo.json](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clearscore.com/native/interview_test/creditReportInfo.json)

 1. The carousel should contain at least 2 slides.
 2. the slides should animate from slide 1 to slide 2
 3. Slide 1 should show the 'score indicator'
 4. Slide 2 should show 'long term debt'.

### Stretch goal

 1. Show the given score in the middle and with an arc outside that represents the score out of 700
 2. The arc animates on load
 3. Add a bouncing effect to the end of the animation of the arc

## Prerequisites

 * Node version >= 9.3.0
 * Yarn is used as the package manager

## Getting Started

 * Run: `yarn start:webpack`
 * Run: `yarn start:dev` _(in a new terminal)_
 * Goto: `http://localhost:3000/`

Commit message:

Added score bar with animation

carousel/README.md, after:

#Serban Ontanu-Craciun

The carousel itself resides in ```src/app/components/Carousel/Carousel.jsx```. It takes an array of JSX elements as props and wraps them in circular containers which add the bluring filter and handle transitions.

```src/app/components/Dashboard/Dashboard.jsx``` has been updated to use ```Carousel``` and define the two content slides, taken from ```CreditScore``` and ```LongTermDebt``` respectively. ```Dashboard``` also makes the call to the API through ```src/app/services/Credit```.

Tests cover rendering without errors and the method which changes index in ```Carousel```.

Added some mixins/vars for breakpoints and font sizes inside the ```utils``` folder of the styles.

Unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to produce a full deliverable (index.html + js file) which to easily host, so if you could please clone this repo and start it using the usual way as outlined at the bottom of this document.

Thank you for your consideration and have a pleasant day!

![ClearScore](https://github.com/ClearScore/tech-screen/blob/master/assets/clearscore.png)

# Carousel

## Purpose

The purpose of the task is to increase familiarity between the developer and the code.

We will be using the output of this task in the next step in the interview process.

## Time-frame

We expect this task to take *one evening* to complete.

You do not have to complete all the tasks, but please be aware of [the purpose)(#purpose) above and take note of [what we're looking for](../README.md#what-were-looking-for)

## Background

A developer is halfway through a `score indicator feature` card and has been called away.

It is now up to you to finish the feature ready to release.

## The Task

Build our circular score indicator, as shown on [clearscore.com/account/](https://www.clearscore.com/account/) and [https://youtu.be/tIjtcL5Z0Wk?t=5](https://youtu.be/tIjtcL5Z0Wk?t=5).
 * [Desktop example](/docs/score-indicator-desktop.jpg)
 * [Mobile Example](/docs/score-indicator-mobile.jpg)

Send your solution as a link to a public git repository with clear instructions and your thoughts in the README.

The data can be requested from [https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clearscore.com/native/interview_test/creditReportInfo.json](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.clearscore.com/native/interview_test/creditReportInfo.json)

 1. The carousel should contain at least 2 slides.
 2. the slides should animate from slide 1 to slide 2
 3. Slide 1 should show the 'score indicator'
 4. Slide 2 should show 'long term debt'.

### Stretch goal

 1. Show the given score in the middle and with an arc outside that represents the score out of 700
 2. The arc animates on load
 3. Add a bouncing effect to the end of the animation of the arc

## Prerequisites

 * Node version >= 9.3.0
 * Yarn is used as the package manager

## Getting Started

 * Run: `yarn start:webpack`
 * Run: `yarn start:dev` _(in a new terminal)_
 * Goto: `http://localhost:3000/`
